Update external Logback config documentation (#9703)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/logging/loggingConfiguration.adoc

[configuration]
----
logger:
  config: /foo/custom-logback.xml
----

> You can also set a custom Logback XML configuration file to be used via `logger.config`. The file is first checked on the class path and then on the filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set a custom Logback XML configuration file to be used via `logger.config`.
The file is first checked on the classpath and then on the file system.
```
